well I had either internet people it's
Bo again so today we're gonna talk about
framing we're gonna talk about solutions
we're gonna talk about being against
something rather than being forced
something last couple of days I was with
my in-laws my father-in-law is a
conservative not a nut conservative but
generally leans conservative that means
Fox News was on now I don't know if you
all know this I don't watch cable news
like at all every once in a while if I
have to I'll find a clip on YouTube if I
need to see something but I don't watch
cable news because I don't like getting
yelled at really and that's what it is
now it's there are very few news
programs that are just news it's opinion
it's telling you what to be against and
that's how its framed telling you what
to be mad about telling you what to
oppose and there are some things out
there that can be rightly framed as you
have to oppose this no matter what
you've got to oppose this there there's
a lot of things like that but their
moral issues not political ones there
are a lot of things out there that yeah
you gotta fight it you gotta fight
against it no matter what but the thing
is if it's something that you have to
fight against you have a moral
obligation to fight against it you have
a moral obligation to actually defeat it
not just oppose it in rhetoric and
that's where we're at we're at this
point where we motivate people out of
fear we tell them what to be afraid of
we tell them what to be against rather
than telling them what they could be for
being against something doesn't create
solutions just creates resistance you
get two forces that are diametrically
opposed pushing against each other
and you never get a solution that
creates a static line on a battlefield
same thing we get half the country going
one way half the country going the other
they push against each other right there
and it doesn't move much it's why we
have the same hot-button issues that
we've had since the 70s because we're
not moving anymore there's no progress
it's static it's how we create a
polarized nation like we have it's time
to stop being against things and start
being for them to start pushing for
solutions and this has to go beyond
rhetoric and slogans there are a lot of
special interest groups that will
describe themselves as Pro something are
you though really or is that your anti
something and you're just framing it
this way most times that's what it is
the thing is those hot-button issues
those things we've been arguing about
for 50 years they have the same three
root causes the same three root causes
and in most of them it doesn't matter if
you're for or against it you want it to
go away you want this to no longer be an
issue so rather than attack the behavior
attack the root cause what are the root
causes poverty a lack of access to basic
necessities and a lack of acceptance and
that lack of acceptance comes straight
from a lack of education and when I say
acceptance I don't mean that just in the
social sense although it's true they're
two people opposed those of other
lifestyles because they're afraid of
them
they aren't educated on the topic they
don't understand it you fear what you
don't know and yeah that certainly
applies here but think about people who
deny climate issues have you ever met
anybody that actually
town and read any of the data on this
and looked at any of it for any length
of time that didn't believe it was true
no it's an education so you've got
poverty access to basic necessities and
education those are the three root
causes you solve almost everything if
you address those three things but
that's not where we're going
Democrats in general right now are
positioning themselves as the anti-trump
cool yeah we need that definitely well
we need to go the other direction fact
absolutely but that's not enough it's
not enough to change the country to make
things better and it's probably not
enough to win the election either I
think that's a failing on their part we
don't need more rhetoric we need
solutions the thing is those solutions
are going to have to come from us and by
us I mean me and you contrary to the way
it's framed they're not our leaders
they're certainly not our betters as I
like to say on this channel a lot of
times they don't even understand the
basic facts behind what they're
legislating the solutions are gonna have
to come from us from the ground level
always that is always true so we can't
waste any more time
being anti something we've got to before
something being anti something is a good
defense it's a good defense it can slow
things down but the best defense is a
good offense we need to seize the
initiative what we have a very
politically aware populace right now
people are involved because it's gotten
so crazy people are paying attention now
is the time to move forward with the
more radical ideas those that will
create so
we need to be for ending poverty however
we have to do it looking at those people
to worry about pitchforks right now we
have to be for providing basic
necessities and we have to be for
education real education not just
standardized testing to create good
worker drones education teaching people
to question narratives how things are
framed we have to move forward or we're
going to be here and in 2050
people are gonna be arguing about the
same stuff we're arguing about right now
those of us on the bottom kicking down
at each other and those up at the top
laughing anyway it's just a far y'all
y'all have a good night